feat: memory profiling (#524)
signalfx/splunk-otel-js: docs/profiling.md

startTracing({ ... });
```

### Memory profiling

> Memory profiling is disabled by default, it can be enabled via the `memoryProfilingEnabled` flag.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Memory profiling is disabled by default. You can enable it via the `memoryProfilingEnabled` flag.

Author: Thanks! Perhaps you already know, but GitHub lets you add suggestions directly to the comment via a `suggest` code block, so the author can press a button to bring the change in, for example:

```suggestion
Memory profiling is disabled by default. You can enable it via the `memoryProfilingEnabled` flag.
```

Internally the profiler uses V8's sampling heap profiler, where it periodically queries for new allocation samples from the allocation profile.

> The [V8 heap profiler's parameters](https://v8.github.io/api/head/classv8_1_1HeapProfiler.html#a6b9450bbf1f4e1a4909df92d4df4a174) can additionally be tuned by an optional `memoryProfilingOptions` configuration field:

Reviewer: Suggestion: You can tune [V8 heap profiler's parameters](https://v8.github.io/api/head/classv8_1_1HeapProfiler.html#a6b9450bbf1f4e1a4909df92d4df4a174) using the `memoryProfilingOptions` configuration field:
